Create 2021-10-19-Subnero-Vortice-partnership.md (#187)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2021-10-19-Subnero-Vortice-partnership.md

---
layout: post

> title: New business partner for Subnero in Republic of Korea

Reviewer: Is this partner in Korea or Portugal?

Author: Well spotted. Thanks

banner : images/banner-pulse-standard.jpg

> date:  2021-07-08

Reviewer: Is the date supposed to be backdated to 8th of July?

Author: Again, thank you for having an eye for details.

categories: news wnc
thumbnail: images/pulse-vortice.jpg
---

> In its quest of expansion throughout Europe, Subnero has appointed [Vortice](https://vortice-lda.pt/){:target="_blank"} as its new business partner in Portugal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In our quest for expansion throughout Europe, Subnero has appointed [Vortice](https://vortice-lda.pt/){:target="_blank"} as its new business partner in Portugal.
```
